README.md, before:

# Sortify
## _Lightweight Tool for Spotify Playlist Management_

Sortify is a Node.js application that runs entirely in the browser.

>I use Spotify a lot and my playlists are a mess. With nearly 3,000 uncategorized tracks in my Liked Songs playlist, I built this application to utilize all the effort I've already put into liking songs.

Note: Sortify uses Bearer Token Authorization and will require a [Spotify Developer account](https://developer.spotify.com/) to provide the necessary token. Requested scopes:
```sh
playlist-read-private playlist-modify-private playlist-modify-public user-library-modify user-library-read
```

Problem: Spotify API allows querying a maximum of 50 songs and adding a maximum of 100 songs in a single request.
__Solution: The latest version of Sortify supports creating new playlists, querying ALL songs from Liked Songs, and adding ALL Liked Songs to a new playlist.__

## Features
- Create new playlists
- Query ALL saved tracks
- Add ALL items from an existing playlist to a new playlist

## Tech
Sortify uses a number of open source projects to work properly:

- [node.js] - evented I/O for the backend
- [dotenv] -  secure sensitive data

## Installation
Sortify requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) to run.

Install the dependencies and devDependencies.

```sh
cd path/to/sortify
npm install
```

In the root directory, create an .env file and configure sensitive variables.

```sh
HOST = "localhost"
PORT = "8000"
URL = "https://api.spotify.com/v1"
API_KEY = "<BEARER TOKEN GOES HERE>"
```

Start the server.
```sh
npm start
```

## License
MIT

[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)

   [node.js]: <http://nodejs.org>
   [dotenv]: <https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv>

Commit message:

sort by winter 2013 Liked Songs and create filtered playlist

README.md, after:

# Sortify
## _Lightweight Tool for Spotify Playlist Management_

Sortify is a Node.js application that runs entirely in the browser.

>I use Spotify a lot and my playlists are a mess. With nearly 3,000 uncategorized tracks in my Liked Songs playlist, I built this application to utilize the effort I've already put into liking songs.

Note: Sortify uses Bearer Token Authorization and will require a [Spotify Developer account](https://developer.spotify.com/) to create an app and request a token with the following [scopes](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/concepts/scopes):
```sh
playlist-read-private playlist-read-collaborative playlist-modify-private playlist-modify-public user-library-modify user-library-read
```

Problem: Spotify Web API allows querying a maximum of 50 songs and adding a maximum of 100 songs in each single request.
__Solution: The latest version of Sortify supports creating new playlists, querying ALL songs from Liked Songs, and adding ALL Liked Songs to a new playlist.__

## Features
- Create new playlists
- Query all saved tracks
- Add all saved tracks a new playlist
- Coming Soon: Ability to filter saved tracks and add to playlist
- Coming Soon: Login UI

## Tech
Sortify uses a number of open source projects to work properly:

- [node.js] - evented I/O for the backend
- [dotenv] -  secure sensitive data

## Installation
Sortify requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) to run.

Install the dependencies and devDependencies.

```sh
cd path/to/sortify
npm install
```

In the root directory, create an .env file and configure sensitive variables.

```sh
HOST = "localhost"
PORT = "8000"
URL = "https://api.spotify.com/v1"
API_KEY = "<BEARER TOKEN GOES HERE>"
```

Start the server.
```sh
npm start
```

## License
MIT

[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)

   [node.js]: <http://nodejs.org>
   [dotenv]: <https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv>
